The person behind this Duong Lam and the person behind the liquidation of Jia Dong Phuong's warehouse are the same person.
That's terrible.
I know who is behind Tanglin.
Last time I was in Beg' Sect, I eavesdropped on the conversation between Duong Lam and Gia's Southern King.
Now looking at the back of the Southern King's legs, it must be fake.
Speak to the point
To Truong Tung lost the door
Master Chu, do you still remember Bach Tam Lan?
I guess the two of them should be together too.
This Emei Eastern Station
All have the shadow of To Truong Tung.
What does he want?
Probably want to get the perfect Longevity Phoenix.
I think he wants to control the cults.
When the martial arts leader
Wolf Lord Guo Ming is still here.
He wants to do it but can't.
What if he dies?
No problem.
What does To Truong Tung want to do?
We can ruin his plans.
So it is necessary to expose the fake oriental pure face.
So what are we waiting for?
go with me
Cars to the mountain must have roads.
Find a way with me first.